Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out this section of our documentation to learn more about the configuration files used by Wazuh and define the setting options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out this section to see a complete reference of all the configurations and settings that can be customized on Wazuh, for both managers and agents.
```
